today we're going to find out if it's
possible to beat the entire game of
Pokemon Yellow not just with Bruno's
team and move set but also while using
Bruno's AI now saying that it's AI is
kind of disrespectful to the term
because Bruno just randomly chooses one
of his moves to use on every turn he
also has a 25% chance to use x defense
in battle we'll get to those once we get
to sell it on City but before that we're
just going to be using a random number
generator in order to choose one of our
moves and use it in battle now you might
be saying well if you do that where's
the strategy in this one well there are
a couple things that I can control
number one I can control the order in
which I put out my Pokémon number two I
can control which level up moves I learn
and don't learn finally I can control
what order I fight opponents in
everything else is going to be left to
Bruno himself and we're going to find
find out if this is truly impossible if
Bruno is really as bad as we all think
he is or maybe he'll pull this one out
and prove the entire Community wrong
let's get into it but first things first
let's lay down some ground rules we can
only use Bruno's team's Pokemon in
battle we can use other Pokemon for hm
purposes or for field moves but we can
never use them to actually defeat
opponents we cannot learn any TMS except
for those that are actually part of
Bruno's final move set now this can be a
little bit broken in Pokémon Yellow but
we'll find out that it doesn't really
give that much of an advantage on top of
that we can fight as many trainers as we
want but there is a hard level cap once
we reach the actual level of Bruno's
team we're going to set it so that we
gain zero experience from then on out
and we can only keep resetting to try to
beat the
game I predict that this is is going to
be my worst challenge ever on the
channel but there's only one way to find
out so let's get into it I was trying to
think what would be the most Bruno way
to start this run and clearly uh we have
to start off by naming ourselves Bruno
of course I am Bruno uh we are going to
set our settings properly here we're
going to be on set battle mode in this
one I think that's the way to go yet
again Bruno he doesn't swap Pokémon in
battle so we will try to level things
normally though maybe level our team
fairly evenly here we're going to start
the game with a Hitmonchan and we're
choosing Hitmonchan because I think this
is actually the worst of his Pokemon to
start the game with so it's it's very
brutal themed of course we're running on
zero DVS in this one because why
wouldn't we uh we're going to be
terrible we're not going to give
nicknames to things cuz he doesn't
nickname his Pokemon obviously and now
we have to try to beat rival one with
Comet punch and Agility
with a random number generator okay here
we are up against rival one we don't
have any X defense at this point so we
have to roll to find out what we do okay
10 means that we're going to use agility
okay we we're already faster but good
job Bruno now seven means that we're
once again going to use agility because
we only have two moves and that's what
our setup is telling us okay now we get
three so now we get to use Comet punch
it hits two times okay we get eight
which means we have to once again use
agility in spite of the fact that we uh
you
know we we've already got all the speed
Bruno we don't need more but there okay
we finally get a one that lets us use
Comet punch and we actually win the
Rival one fight so Bruno better than
rival
one oh god um we're probably going to
fight a lot of optional trainers in this
uh I do have wild Pokemon on this is
intentional we're playing we're playing
as legit as we can I'm really interested
to see how long it takes to beat the
game as Bruno now
obviously we get Hitmonchan at the
beginning of the game we'll get hitmon
Lee by beating the fighting JoJo you
know we got to prove our chops as a
fighting type um trainer of course and
uh we will get both of our Onyx and our
Machop which will eventually evolve into
a Machamp uh all in the Rock Tunnel so
by the time that we get to the Rock
Tunnel we'll have four out of
our um five team members and then we'll
just have to get hit mon Le after that
so here we are against rival 1 a he's
going to lead off with the speo which is
scary but we get a two turn one so we
miss the comet punch are you kidding me
okay we get a three so we get to go
Comet punch again we get a nice critical
hit there so we get through to the Eevee
now we have to use agility okay and uh
here okay we get a comet punch now on
the Eevee did about half of its health
and damage there we're going to go
agility now we're getting tackled
nothing we can do about that we have to
go agility again yeah Bruno you're doing
great buddy here's a two and we missed
the comet punch and we get sand attack
too okay we get a five
we do land the comet punch and we do win
we have yet to lose a fight Bruno it's
it's tedious but uh technically Bruno is
winning but here let's go ahead and
fight against uh baroy
[Music]
boy but here we are Brock first attempt
with our Hitmonchan I'm not very hopeful
we roll a six so that's perfect and
leading off it appears that we are doing
literally one damage each hit so yeah
he's going to tackle us we have to use
agility the second turn we have to use
agility the third
turn we have to use agility the fourth
turn here we finally get to use Comet
punch
again and it hits only two times not
what we're looking for here's another
Comet Punch coming in we did get a
critical hit on that one okay we get a
five there it was three hitter but we're
pretty clearly going down on this one
guys this is not working so I think we
just reset right there and I think we go
fight wild Pokémon until we manage to uh
level up some more now there are far too
many battles to show in this one and
they're incredibly tedious because of
the RNG so I've linked the live
commentaries down in the description if
you want to see more details about how I
routed or what battles I took okay so we
get a lead off with Comet punch here
that's always nice nice four hitter
that's very good here now agility here
Comet punch okay Comet punch again okay
here more Comet punches I think we just
need to land one more hit to knock him
out okay we get the chance here we do
knock him out we've got really good HP
this time so we're going to use agility
first we get Comet punch the next turn
nice five hitter there as he uses B here
we're going to use agility now back to
Comet punch on him despite of the fact
that he's biting against us going to go
agility he's going to unleash
energy now we're going to Comet punch
him
again uses bite again we're still using
Comet punch we missed that time here we
use agility now we have to Comet punch
okay we've got five Comet punches left
can we land
them okay that was a very weak Comet
punch only a two- hitter now we have the
agility as he uses B here now it's time
for Comet punch yet again okay we're
going agility here okay and Agility here
it's going to unleash energy on us here
we have to go agility again agility
again okay here we get a comet punch we
really want to land a couple more Comet
punches there we go we finally beat
Bruno at level 16 even with random AI
with Hitmonchan that's stupid it took 49
minutes and 44 seconds to get through
that oh this is bad so here we're about
to enter the fight against the super
nerd I'm just going to save right here
and uh our first roll is going to be a
six going into this one so cool here
we'll use a oh did not mean to use
agility and now we're disabled wait
sorry I'm resetting here cuz I I messed
up so we rolled six for the beginning of
that so we should attack the first turn
I'm so used to him being bad that I just
used agility anyway now disable misses
now we get a one so now we get to attack
okay we get to the voltor we're going to
use agility here not for any particular
reason but now we get to attack and we
do knock that one out cuz we're at such
a high level nice here agility we'll get
smogged right there but now we do get to
attack here we only hit twice though not
what I was looking for oh and now he
gets Smog and poisons us okay we do get
to attack now so there we go we did beat
the super nerd on the first attempt I'm
going to use the antidote here not
saying Bruno would be smart enough to do
that but it's just that or backtrack out
and faint you know so yeah anyway let's
fight Jesse and James let's see if we
beat them just as easily this is this is
not looking that bad right now here
we're going to have to lead off with
agility of course we get leared that's
not great cuz the Meowth coming up does
no bite here we do get to use a comet
punch now we get poisoned though oh God
we do get to attack the next turn though
so that is good here we get to attack
this turn and we just knock out the meow
in one set okay that's that's fine uh
now we have to use agility in spite of
the fact that we're poisoned against
this coughing okay and now we have to
use agility again so we're giving
ourselves more badge boosts and attack I
guess that's fine uh now we get to
attack it and we didn't do that
much still in green health and now we
have to use agility again oh this is
going to get worse and worse the more
Pokemon our opponent has now we get a
three though can we get the range yes we
do oh my God we beat Jesse and James on
the first attempt oh Bruno Legend okay
um sorry in advance for splashing lights
uh we're poisoned so uh it's going to
flash us for a while here we already
have a Pidgey so we don't need to grab
the potion or the great ball there what
am I talking about the potion there so
now I'm just going to heal going to heal
and we're going to pop out here and now
we have some really tough decisions to
make though
because we either have to beat rival 2
who has five four Pokemon sorry four
Pokemon what am I thinking he has five
later on um or we have to beat Misty who
has two Pokemon but has smart AI we
probably should have fought everything
on the way to uh here in Mount moon but
let's just try Misty one
time okay so uh we have to decide what
to do turn one we have to use agility so
our our speed Rose now we we have to use
agility again even though we're already
outspeeding miss the X defense so I
guess that wasn't too bad now we go
Comet punch and we get the Staryu down
below half Health okay so that was good
now we get to attack again and we do
knock out Staryu and we should outspeed
star me because we've already used
agility but we're going to use agility
again like why not why not here now we
get to attack star me but we're doing
very little damage that water gun nearly
knocked us out here back to Comet punch
but it's not enough we get wrecked but
I'm going to keep the XP cuz we defeated
the Staryu in here eventually we will
get this I swear to god let's try we're
going to attack right off the bat and
Miss great you know Comet punch such a
great
move
okay we're stuck using agility again
here and again we've set up all the
agilities now and we still have to use
it again Bruno would would just be
spamming agility here clearly so here we
do attack we're getting on pretty low
Health though so we really do need to uh
attack here oh man let's just see rival
2 let's just see how this fight will go
I mean this this Spearow could be scary
so here we have to lead up with agility
okay we get Lear now we get to attack
though okay it did massive damage with
PE but we did take it down below half
health and we will knock it out there
cool now we get to attack sandrew which
is pretty nice we get scratched but oh
we get a five so we do get to attack and
knock it out without any accuracy drops
and now we get to attack on the ratas so
we knock it out wait wait just a second
we get a three here that means we get to
attack and we knock out rival 2 on the
first attempt are you kidding me I
thought that was going to be a nightmare
especially like if we got sand attacked
and then had you know quick attacks
coming in and growls and all that
nonsense I thought it was going to be
terrible no we got through on the first
attempt so we're just going to go up
North and fight more trainers we have to
beat everything until Rock Tunnel with
only Hitmonchan so uh yeah
all right so we've made it to Billy
boy's house this is the one time where
we're doing something weirder than what
he's been doing so so we got to give him
some props like you know the guy is
consistent you know we're just doing
whatever you know at least he knows what
he's doing we're we're just kind of
letting Bruno call the shots here oh man
we just need really good RNG rolls it's
all we need so here we get to attack
turn one we did not get a great great
Comet punch there let's hope we get a
three hitter this time there we go so
now please yes we get to Comet punch on
The Drowsy it's only a two hitter but
now it disables agility so we have no
choice we just have to use combet punch
that's what we needed that was exactly
the luck I was looking for oh you
brilliant brilliant innocent bystander
thank you to your drowsy for using the
worst move in gen one so we're back to
Misty second gym badge we're trying
again at an hour and 27 minutes let's
see if we can beat Misty now
here so I'm going to roll we have to use
agility she XS defense we have to
agility again she misses tackle that's
kind of good now we get to attack and
the comet punch knocks out the Staryu we
get to star me on full health now we
have to agility again that's the last
agility that actually makes any sense
now we have to comet punch she X
defended now she hardens as well we get
to attack the next turn so the water gun
did decent damage but we're still
attacking oh this is what we need yes
yes we beat Misty okay so now we can use
cut and this is getting us closer and
closer guys to what we need we just have
to go down to the ssan beat rival number
three get cut and before we even mess
with Lieutenant surge I think we go over
here towards the Rock tunnel so that we
can get literally three more Pokemon to
add to our team two onyx's and the
Machop uh that will eventually become a
Machamp I've actually used the ultimate
Pokemon randomizer to make it so that it
will actually naturally evolve into
Machamp here very important but uh body
slam doesn't really do anything for us
cuz we're not allowed to learn it we can
only learn TMS if they are on Bruno's
final move set remember that there is no
no body slam on his move set which is
kind of sad I mean body slam would have
actually made sense for Bruto you know
but here we will fight this old man so
that we can hopefully get access to
another rare candy we have to lead off
with agility here we get to attack this
time nice we're back to agility this
turn and Agility again and here agility
again okay there's our attack finally
coming in so we do win and we get to
grab the rare candy cool I'm going to
slam a Max potion here I think we have
enough PP to get through this fight
let's try rival number three so here we
have to lead off with
agility okay we get to attack this turn
oh we didn't get the three hitter that
we would have needed to knock out the
spearo though so we knock it out out
that turn that's fine we get to attack
ratata and it's a nice two hitter so
very good now we're back to agility on
the sandrew scratch we're back to
agility scratch again we really don't
want to see Slash okay oh we get slashed
okay but we get to attack oh and we
missed and get sand attacked that seems
to be a pattern where you miss and then
you get sand attacked what is this here
we miss we get sand attacked again oh
God we're down to low Health agility oh
God 2 Hp and we miss and we go down okay
so uh yeah we're getting beat by rival 3
here so I mean we can fight other
trainers here on the SSN for a minute to
gain some XP so I guess let's just do it
these trainers all disappear later
anyway let's see if we can finally beat
the Rival now that we've gained all
these levels now that we're massively
overleveled in this section okay we get
to attack right off the bat against
spearo but it's not enough we needed a
three hitter there oh we get to attack
again though so that's
cool okay we get to attack again here
nice here we have to go agility we get
slashed okay now we're attacking
though oh but now we have to agility any
sand attacks no
no we're still using agility and getting
sand attacked okay we need a hit
desperately there we go we we get to
attack oh and we land the hit on the
Eevee and we win oh even with the sand
attacks that's stupid oh this game is so
Random let's see so here wrapping last
time we have to lead off with agility
now funny thing is that agility will
allow us to cancel out the the speed
aspect of stunt Spore
completely so now we get a knockout
Oddish so we will outspeed everything we
just have the chance to be paralyzed cuz
gen one is weird and it basically when
you use agility it recalculates based on
your original speed stat not your
lowered speed stat from the paralysis so
it the game just completely ignores your
paralysis at that point for Speed
purposes which is ridiculous UL so
agility breaks uh gen one gen one
paralysis this is why paralysis isn't
actually that good of a status in gen
one but here bad
AI is a much bigger Factor the fact that
we can't attack anything because we keep
rolling for agility no we've gotten so
many agilities in a row here okay now we
get to attack and we're fully paralyzed
that was bad luck oh and now we're back
to agility we're getting absorbed to
death okay now we get to attack and
we're fully paralyzed again it's only
one and four to be fully paralyzed guys
I'm sorry this is bad luck okay but we
get to attack and we knock her out with
one HP remaining we level up oh man that
was stupid all right and Comet punch
here against the venat so we get through
nice we can finally get more Pokemon yes
yes oh this is great going to heal right
here we're going to uh go over here into
the Rock Tunnel oh there's our Machop
nice so here we still have to be random
okay but we get to attack okay we get it
to nice low Health too so now Pokéball
yes we get our Machop okay all right
come on come on onyx come on onyx come
on out buddy there he is yes okay so we
do get to attack here which is good we
get to attack again also good we just
want to get a below half Health that's
all we're trying to do get him below
half health and then he's easier to
catch okay so here now we will throw the
Pokeball oh he gets out throw the
Pokeball again there we go we've got our
first Onyx and now Onyx can learn
tm28 but we don't get it right away
though so sorry we got to backtrack out
a little bit but yes the first Onyx can
learn tm28 gives us access to uh dig
oh there's a second Onyx okay so now we
do have to be random about attacking him
still okay here I'm going to use
agility okay now Comet punch oh and he
just barely survives thank God I thought
we knocked out the Onyx now we're
throwing the pokeballs try to catch it
there we go so we've completed four of
the five members of our team we just
have to get hiton Le after this so here
we're going into
the The Rock Tunnel hiker I'm going to
put Onyx out first this is definitely
the
play so here we go Rock Tunnel hiker
time I'm using tackle turn one now I get
to use dig and now that did about half
okay he Rock throws okay now we get a
three so tackle but we don't mind to
self-destruct too much it's not going to
do that much damage here okay now
bind four means scch and we survive
another self-destruct so that's always
nice nine is bind used bind Again by
accident six here Screech goes defense
curl two tackle and he self-destructs
and we get knocked out but we did get
through the Rock Tunnel hiker so I'm
going to take it all right so we have
made it all the way to sell iton where
now we can uh pick up some TMS that will
be useful so here the first TM that I
want to
buy is submission of course and then I
want to buy double team and uh we're
going to teach double team to Hitmonchan
cuz it's on the final move set and we're
going to teach submission to Machop
because it's on its final move set um
then we need to go upstairs and we need
to buy the freshwat and we need to buy a
soda pop and this little girl needs to
get a soda pop and then uh we're going
to give rock slide to the Onyx that
doesn't know rock throw of course and
now finally we're going to come here and
we're going to buy here we have to sell
everything that we don't need in our
inventory um in fact we've got more
stuff to sell cuz we're going to have to
come here and buy X defense and add X
defense into our stuff in fact you know
what I'm going to lock X defense at
infinite I think all right so here we
are back in lavender and I think at this
level we should try to get our final
team member okay so here we have to go X
defend okay so that's no X defend and
then we're going Comet punch here
sticking with the comet punch
there another Comet punch here double
team agility so we will out speed now
Comet punch okay so we knock out the
hitmon Lee we're going double team here
against hitmon Chan Comet punch and Miss
he so there's the next
defense okay so we fainted there here
I'm going to send out this Onyx here
we're going to dig dig again okay we're
just we're rolling once for whether or
not we use uh X defend and rolling the
second time for our attack so that's why
I'm rolling twice here if we get higher
than a three on the first roll we don't
X defend the second rule determines what
move we use so here we're using rage
okay but we get knocked out here let's
roll okay no X defend and we're using
submission here we missed no X defend we
have to go Lear here okay we're going
submission again Fire Punch knocks us
out no X defend and we're going tackle
here okay here we have to X defend no X
defend
and Tackle no X defend and
Screech no X defend and rock slide no X
defense and tackle and there we win oh
and we get to level 25 we're going to
learn rage over tackle talked about this
before why that's the decision okay so
here we get hitmon Le and there we have
our five Pokemon so uh that was terrible
uh it's taking us three and hours and
almost 40 minutes to get the entire team
and from now we just have a massive
grind in front of us let's fight against
Lieutenant Serge we're going to lead off
here with Onyx I think this is just
obvious let's find
[Music]
out just because of the fact that he's
that bad so here first things first our
first rule is a seven with this Onyx
which means we get a go rock slide here
does decent damage we get another rock
slide here that misses okay now we're
going rage and now we just hold down
rage the rest of the battle we do
nothing else can't even use items here
just have to keep going rage and uh as
he hits us we're just getting stronger
so we easily defeat Lieutenant serge
that was a cakewalk fight nice now that
we've done that let's chop down that
tree we're going to come up here we're
going to try to fight against Erica uh
this is going to be scary but let's
[Music]
try okay so here first things first we
have to roll that's not an X defend and
we're going seven turn one so we're
using low kick here okay no X defend and
now we're going submission okay no X
defend and low kick no X defend
and submission okay but we get knocked
out I'm going to send out Hitmonchan
okay we have to X defend turn one okay
no X
defend and we're going double team turn
two okay here's the next defend this
turn so no more X defense for Hitmonchan
okay so now we're just purely rolling
for moves so double team oh double team
again we're getting some
evasion okay now fire punch does that
much okay agility so we'll outspeed
everything not that I think we needed it
agility again back to double team back
to agility agility
again agility again Fire Punch now so we
take down the Tanga cool double team
Fire Punch okay back to double team
Bruno really likes his double team guys
and his agility for some reason despite
of the fact that it can't hit anything
Fire Punch does decent damage now we get
a comet punch okay so we knock that one
out see we're going agility here we're
going Fire Punch another Fire Punch
we're back to double
teaming Fire Punch oh it's so close to
going down come on yes we get the comet
punch oh I misclicked Comet punch there
we go so we do beat Erica on the first
attempt with Hitmonchan Machop just kind
of got wrecked
choppy boy he didn't have a chance okay
so now we have to go through the Rocket
game Corner let's see how this goes so
here Lear turn two X
defend okay turn three no X defend and
we're going low kick once we get
released from bind okay that was a good
low kick no X defend and now we're going
submission so we knock out Onyx nice no
X defend and we get a go low kick here
here we have to use an X defense so no
more X defense in this fight for
Machop okay that is submission so we
knock out the ryhorn nice so we level up
to level 28 okay here we're going karate
chop now we have to go Lear okay
submission misses low kick and we knock
it out cool so we get through and we get
Machoke yes so one of our Pokemon
actually managed to improve in some way
and let's pop over here and fight
against rival number four okay so here I
do think Machoke out first it makes a
lot of sense because this is going to
cause F to just Spam Mir move over and
over again that's what we want so here
we go first things first we are not
using an X defend turn one and we are
going low kick okay next turn we are
going Catey chop okay and next
submission okay so we knocked that one
out level up again nice here we're X
defending oh we have to use our second X
defend right here now we karate chop
nice now we Lear now submission knocks
that one out cool Vulpix is out we're
going low kick then knock that one out
cool here we have to Lear at the sandrew
sand attack missed that was very good
now submission knocks it out cool we're
to
Eevee where we have to Lear turn one
now we're going karate chop did good
damage and now submission to end it
hopefully yes so Machoke completely
destroys rival number four okay so we
have
defeated all of the rocket grunts inside
of silco uh it's tanked our score quite
a bit it's added a lot of time we're up
to 5 hours and 35 minutes so a couple
more hours of grinding here and now I'm
I mean we we've got to at least try
rival 5 one time in fact we can go to
the third floor cuz we've already fought
all the trainers so here let's just try
rivalry boy once let's see how he
goes okay what's that a nine okay so we
have to lead off with rock slide even
though it's not very effective here
we're going Screech now here we're doing
an X defend okay he sand attacks me
we're going for Screech again as he sand
attacks again okay so second X defense
so that's done we've been sand attacked
to hell though we're just trying to use
Screech we get a screech off there
earthquake misses rock slide does hit
doesn't do much but rockslide hits again
we've got it down to about oneir health
remaining um have to Screech here rock
slide does knock out the sand slash okay
here we're going slam we've got very low
accuracy here we get knocked out by the
Ember there here we go rock throw and
miss here X defend time okay now we get
to go dig so that did very good damage
there here we have to
Screech oh here we were supposed to go
dig so there we go dig does the job
there Closter comes out here we're going
rock throw on Closter doesn't do much
clam but clam just destroys Onyx okay I
think we want hitmon Lee out we have to
go X defend turn one turn two we're
going double kick does decent
damage we're going double kick again
here he potions here we have to X
defense okay so that's all the X defense
for hitmon Ley oh I used another one by
mistake but we get clamped down okay
we're going Machamp here okay karate
chop probably is okay oh we didn't get
the crit though here Lear we're stuck
spamming Lear here oh God you're a low
kick oh man we hit ourselves in
confusion no karate chop okay we get the
crit that time another karate chop so we
do knock that one out Kadabra comes out
oh god oh and confusion destroys us
there we send out Hitmonchan Hitmonchan
has TX defense sbeam and that's all over
over oh the Rival he looks
insurmountable at this level are we
going to even be able to beat him at the
level cap are we going to be able to
beat the game at the level cap I have no
idea oh god oh man Bruno do you even
have a shot here against Koga going to
find out we're going to have to lead
with the next defense turn
[Music]
one that's that's my guess so here turn
one X defense okay he X attacks we get
to use slam but he sleep powders me okay
so next turn we are X defending but he's
going
psychic and even with a dinky little
venette he's just destroying us there
okay so here we get to go dig does that
much we're going to need really good
sleep powder luck here too okay so we
just get destroyed there see if hitmon
Le can do
anything but champ comes out but it has
to uh X defend turn one we get an X
attack
from kga we have to use Lear here karate
chop oh God we go double team okay Comet
punch knocks out the first
venonat here we get a go Comet punch
here but psychic destroys us I think the
only way we're going to get through this
at this point like anywhere near this
level would be actually the lead off
with one of the hitmon get really good
luck with the roles to get some double
teams not get hit for a long time and
get the right rolls for dealing damage
Hitmonchan is probably the one to go
with since it knows fire punch and Comet
punch so it can actually
do reasonable is damage but yeah that
one's not happening right now guys so
I'm going to save the game right here
I'm going to come back I'm going to
grind this but I mean we're gaining
levels here you know our score is slowly
going down as we just keep fighting what
are we up to that is 22 optional battles
10 resets but we haven't really been
resetting we've just been taking the XP
every time and then nine
TMS and two broken TMS this is stupid
truly stupid like I I don't disagree
with the assessment of
my of my uh overlay that this is
basically one of the worst runs that
I've ever done on the channel that's
that's what all that data actually means
and yeah I I agree I agree
wholeheartedly here we get poisoned but
we can go for the ice punch so there is
a silver lining there now we have to
double team I don't want to double team
guys we have to okay we have to X defend
and then we have to double team again so
uh yeah that's how good we're doing oh
and we're just getting sand attacked oh
and we're just using double team while
we're poisoned it's like this is fine
this is this is perfectly fine you know
who cares if we're slowly getting
Whitted down okay here we'll double kick
on the sand slash nice we'll jump kick
here on the Ninetails there's one thing
I will say it seems like hitmon Le is
quite fast okay here we get a double
kick on the Closter that did decent
damage here we have to double team Mega
kick oh knocks it out hey we will not
let turn Focus energy no way no way no
way jump kick oh we knock out the
Kadabra there oh we've made it to the
jolon yes yes let me jump kick you oh
yes oh now we have to X defense oh he
did decent damage too but here we get a
double kick let me double kick let me
show you how it's done Yes we finally
beat rival 5 oh after 8 hours and 14
minutes so we finally beat the Rival are
you you kidding me this run is so
terrible oh man rival 5 took 8 hours and
14 minutes oh that's brutal brutal guys
I say you know all of our Pokemon are up
around level 40 to 43 hitmon Lee
currently the MVP of that fight here I'm
just going to try to fight Giovani as I
am if we faint we'll just get more XP so
this is fine okay so here we'll Screech
at him he's going to double kick but you
know we've got decent defense I'm sorry
we have to X defend one
time and now slam I mean he's just
double
kicking on my Onyx rock throw okay we do
take that one down Persian comes
[Music]
out and here we're sticking with the
rock throw here we have to X defend
again so okay X defends are done so we
can dig and knock that one out
cool here we get a dig on the ryhorn not
quite a one hitter but here we get
another dig we're rolling the digs guys
that's perfect that's exactly what we
want okay now we have to rock throw here
and we're just going to die there okay
let's go for the second Onyx Slam
misses that did basically nothing
Screech there he guards specs we'll
Screech again and get destroyed okay
Machamp time so first things first
Machamp needs an X defend okay we have
to submission here fortunately Screech
did land so that meant that the needle
Queen actually does have fairly low yeah
okay and now we we already used the
Whatchamacallit items so the X defense
so a mega P or Mega kick does the job we
managed to get through Giovani with
literally one Pokemon remaining oh that
was stupid okay and let's just go see if
we can beat Sabrina or not cuz she
should be pretty random but we can beat
up all the trainers in her gym but I'm
just going to try Sabrina one time let's
just
see okay all right right okay so we have
to X defend here at the beginning like
how how would Bruno ever defeat Sabrina
that's the question that we got to ask
ourselves ice Bunch okay so we go double
team here okay we missed the ice Bunch
got to go for our second X defend there
so the X defends are finished so I mean
this becomes very All or Nothing Like We
hit and we do good damage or we don't
hit and uh yeah like if we can just land
a comet punch we probably do massive
damage here against this uh little Abra
we could also freeze it with an ice
punch or get the burn or something like
that so here we'll set up double team so
we'll end up in a situation where we
probably have all the double team setup
by the time we get through this Abra
just can't hit anything but also uh
can't be hit that's probably the name of
the game
here it's just trying to set up more
double teams okay we hit a fire punch
there but it did basically nothing we
don't have a badge boost and special
okay land
there like we're almost certainly going
to run out of
pp oh we knock out Abra at least okay we
land an nice punch there
but just don't do any real
damage pretty sure we're out of ice bues
though okay so we get destroyed right
there but I think that's fine here
Machamp okay has to X defense turn one
and turn two okay now we can go strength
though and knock that one out with a
nice crit we get a
swave psychic will destroy us there
though okay psychic just wrecks okay we
Screech
there earthquake oh does good damage
[Music]
yes okay so we get wrecked
there okay Screech again we have to ex
defend which I don't want to
but okay we miss rock
throw slam here misses as well so
Screech again okay so we're done with X
defense
here so rock throw misses come
on dig oh it's so close slam knocks it
out oh there we go and no we cannot
learn
Harden that would be too good so uh yeah
we beat uh we beat Sabrina there it took
all of the team to do it but we did beat
Sabrina so we have proven that Bruno can
beat Bina the most important thing ever
there you know everybody wonders how
could he be you know a gym leader or
Elite Four member when he should be
beaten by Sabrina he's not he's not
beaten by Sabrina Bruno thousand times
better trainer than Sabrina ever was or
ever will be clearly because she has bad
AI too oh man okay now we just have to
try kogo one more time because the fact
that we beat Sabrina the difference
between Sabrina and Koga and Pokemon
Yellow is that Koga has smart Ai and
Sabrina doesn't so uh Koga is actually
harder than Sabrina in this version in
general like 90% of the time at least
he's harder hey we Ain we ain't
disrespecting man we're we're just here
to try to get a badge we're we're trying
to earn our place on the on the Elite 4
okay ice punch okay we're just getting
wrecked here here so that one goes down
okay we can earthquake oh we knocked
that one out perfect okay earthquake
only did that much so Screech
misses okay we get to go rock slide here
though that is super effective so that
knocks that one out we will not learn
Harden no uh we have to X
defend so yeah we're just getting
destroyed here while we're asleep okay I
think Machamp is the one that has to
come out because it at least has the
highest chances I think of getting
through ah and we have to X defend again
come on the X defense are what kill
me every time
here the double kick does basically
nothing for us
here okay now we get a Mega kick oh yes
we knock it out yes he misses we get the
mega
kick he misses again oh we get the mega
kick oh we finally got tooga oh that was
super lucky oh we had the double team
the one double team set up oh and we got
the rolls for two Mega kicks at the end
that allowed us to knock out the
venomoth with it missing both times with
psychic that was stupid we will take
that oh we will take that oh Koga Get
Wrecked so uh here we are 8 hours 31
minutes into this run with a score of 19
but we are moving on and with Koga going
down we can now make our way to Blaine
Blaine round
[Music]
one so here we go against Blaine we got
to start rolling rolling rolling okay we
are going Screech turn one as it misses
a tail whip K and turn two we get to use
dig and after the Screech that is going
to be good yes yes we get to the rapid
Dash here who we're going to Screech on
again uses growl on us okay oh and we
get dig again oh this is this is
overpowered oh but we didn't knock it
out no no now we have to X defend so
that's X defend number one on onx and
now we get to go dig again oh that's
exactly what I wanted yes Onyx takes
down two of his Pokemon this is the
Battle of guys who don't know how to
play the game Arcanine reflects we hit
slam but that did very little okay sorry
that two means that we have to X defend
here sorry I accidentally scrolled oh
sorry now we're done with X defense so
first we have to go dig then we have to
go slam so dig Did only that much and we
die so uh let's send out the second Onyx
here so I'm going to roll new Rolls here
okay so we get a three so we're slamming
we don't have a growl here okay and now
we get an
earthquake which does decent damage
there okay now we get a rock
slide oh and we get the critical hit so
we beat Blaine on the first attempt oh
the power of Onyx Blaine you thought you
had a chance but you didn't know that we
had Onyx two onyxes this is why clearly
why Bruno has two onyxes otherwise he
was never getting through Koga and he
was never getting through through Blaine
right and if he can't beat the Gym
Leaders well he can't very well be an
elite four member right question mark so
uh yeah no that was a solid section now
wait a second our score went down
massively here oh it just counted
Another Broken TM okay that is incorrect
we got to fix that we got to fix that so
here let's save the game let's try
[Music]
Giovani okay so turn one we're going
Comet punch here and it misses of course
because he goes underground and we're
going Comet punch again turn two and
look even against a Doug Trio that
didn't do much okay he guard specs we
get the fire punch
off now we're back to Comet punch as he
digs and we die um I think we want to go
Champ here I think we want the champ out
okay so we get to go strength here so
that finishes off the Doug Trio perfect
now we have to Lear against Persian
okay and we have to Lear a second time
against Persian we still haven't used
the next defend yet uh here we're going
strength okay that did good damage we
just need one more hit I think nope we
have to Lear this this is all perfectly
fine
clearly oh and now we have to X defend
Screech okay oh and X defend again and
we get the guards back
okay so now we have to Lear and we
failed uh now we have to go submission
oh and we do land a hit so we do get
through there okay we've set everything
up so now Lear but we were too slow
there we're going to go for Onyx here
okay we get to use dig here which will
be super effective so there is
that okay we get to go dig a second time
here as he guard specs so we knock out
neoc Queen that's perfect get to level
44 with this
Onyx okay now we have to go rock throw
against neid king oh God and it's faster
too okay if we get a move we'll double
kick or we'll dig but we didn't get a
move so we're going to Second Onyx here
cuz I think this is the only play okay
so we slam there here we have to Screech
and we miss here we have to rock slide
which is not very effective but we get
knocked out anyway and now it's just
hitmon Le okay hitmon Le has to go
double kick and just gets destroyed so
here Pidgey this Pidgey is not going to
win so I'm just going to let it die we
need to put Pidgey into the PC here uh
yeah that that's not an easy fight guys
just going to say I don't think we're
winning that fight very often given the
fact
that we're we're up against giovan's
five Pokemon and we got through three
but even getting through three felt kind
of lucky there
I don't know I just don't think it's
going to work so I'm going to fight
these trainers and after grinding
basically every available trainer in the
game at this point I finally got back to
Giovani and another ice punch there we
go yes we're to the ride on here we have
to go fire punch Thunder Punch does
nothing of course and we get
wrecked okay let's send out the first
Onyx like I wouldn't be angry if we
ended up having to use a screech here
cuz that would help us against the uh
Onyx once we get to our last Pokemon
instead we go slam and dig so the two
Onyx Get Wrecked hitmon Le is out okay
we're going Mega kick here exactly the
move we didn't want to
use okay now double team okay he goes
horn drill that's fine come on oh we're
Mega kicking no come on use jump kick or
something Mega kick again we've got him
on low Health though oh but that Fury
attack just did so much damage and now
we have to double team again no just
knock him out we have to X defend oh
come on earth quake
destroy look at that we got the ride on
on red heal we had like three turns
where we could have knocked it out with
any one of our moves at that point even
Mega kick was going to knock it out are
you kidding me oh Bruno you're so bad
how did this guy become an elite for
member we just we just will never know
oh man even when he's got the W in the
bag he just he just punts it off oh god
oh man this is just too stupid okay so
we're going strength first which is not
enough to one hit without a crit here
important to note now karate chop will
knock out that one though so Doug Trio
goes down now submission on Persian I
think if it hits will onot it does that
is perfect here we have to X defend so
first X defend against neid Queen and
then now we're going Lear okay we get a
tail whip that's perfectly fine now we
have to submission which is not what I
wanted to use and we have to submission
again but we missed this time and we're
back to submission again and thunder
knocks us out okay we have to Thunder
Punch on Neo Queen now that was terrible
now X defend so there's X defend number
one back to Thunder Punch
again double team okay we get a tail
whip there okay now we get the ice punch
so we get a knockout Neo Queen at least
K Manching gets to level 47 so you know
we're kind of gaining levels Thunder pun
or Fire Punch there you're a double team
okay fire punch get a Lear Thunder Punch
now the double double kick hits now we
have to X defend I believe we've used
both X defend here so that's a Thunder
Punch which does nothing Fire Punch
doesn't do much okay now the ice punch
did meh okay another double team he hits
a Lear that's fine we don't mind him
hitting Lear okay we get a four and then
a five so ice punch and then ice punch
here he we get horn drill that's
perfectly fine we're going double team
again with Hon Chan here here ice punch
oh there we go so we knock out Jovani
finally oh God we're at 9 hours and 55
minutes I think I said before my longest
ever challenge has been about 10 hours
yeah we're about to hit the 10 hour mark
and we're not even to the league I'm
pretty sure the last one where it took
me 10 hours I was at the league um but I
have to just double check I'll have to
go back and look it was the uh Team of
timed challenges I have to be clear I've
done done longer challenges but the time
challenges the ones where I actually had
a timer on the screen I think the
longest one was the no damaging moves
run so uh yeah all right so here I'm
going to lead off with Machamp against
uh rival number six let's just see how
this goes here oh God we want to save
the r Rons oh no Hitmonchan was still
out rip so we go ice punch here but we
want to save the Onyx rather for the
jolon on his team we want at least
one of those uh Onyx to still be around
okay so here we'll go but champ he's
karate
chopping on this uh sand slash okay we
get another karate chop so we knock out
sand slash cool get to level
502 so here we have no choice but to X
defend he goes Lee seed here we're going
to Lear at
him he goes for leech seed again okay
karate chop does about half and now we
get poisoned okay karate chop again
knocks that one out cool out comes the
nin tals strength here does more than
half subm Mission knocks out nine tails
cool closter's out here submission on
Closter is a one hit ko. nice we're
probably dead here against this one we
have to X defend anyway so uh yeah yeah
so here I'm going to send out mon Le
just because but maybe we'll outspeed
here I'm not sure oh psychic just
destroys it though okay here we have to
Screech at this uh Kadabra and rock
slide and oh sbeam just destroyed that
Onyx rock
throw doesn't quite do half here we have
to X
defend for no reason so sbeam destroys
it okay oh man this is just so stressful
like everything about these fights is
stressful basically okay so let's try to
fight him again this time with Machamp
leading so turn one we're going to go
karate chop with Machamp but yeah we can
definitely see why Machamp is the
strongest member of the team he has been
putting in pretty good work we got this
one in the potion range but now we have
to X defend here and slash doesn't care
about X defend so strength right there
knocks out the sand slash at least here
a strength on execute does more than
half submission knocks it out at least
okay here we have to Lear at this one
now we have to X defend he's going Roar
that's good now we have to Lear again
though so we die there let's put our
first Onyx out here here we get to go
dig and that should destroy nine Tales
and it does here we have to go X defend
which is bad but he goes withdraw okay
now we have to X defend again though so
we get destroyed let's send Hitmonchan
out here ice punch is terrible in this
spot okay no X defend there okay we X
defend here here we're just using ice
punch again Fire Punch at least does
better damage X def okay now we get a
thunder punch that did good damage so it
is on low Health hitmon Lee come
on oh we d team oh God I don't know
though double team could be good if it
just allows us to avoid a hit from
Kadabra okay we're going double kick
here did decent damage here Mega kick oh
misses no we got the Miss from it too
and now we have to X defend here which I
think means nothing on that fight gree
so yeah we're just getting wrecked here
oh man we keep getting to Kadabra and
just Kadabra is just the wall the
Champions Alakazam is going to be so bad
in this so let's try the Rival once
again okay we get a Thunder Punch here
against Cloister that does really good
damage likely owing to all the badge
boosts that we have from double team
we're using double team even though we
don't need to anymore ice punch doesn't
do that much it's four times resisted
after all fire punch knocks out Closter
though okay so we level up here to level
49 as we go into Kadabra but we do have
the advantage of having all the double
teams set up
here so we're using Thunder Punch here
it's not like any of these Elemental
punches are very good though and we get
knocked out right there okay we're
sending out Machamp Machamp might be
able to tank something maybe okay
strength oh strength has it down to Red
Health okay he uses a potion so we knock
out Kadabra yes okay we're to the jolon
we might just get through on this one
one might is the key word we submission
and he just wants to use agility doesn't
he oh we missed submission there but
yeah his smart AI thinks that agility is
psychic type and therefore super
effective against this Machamp so we're
going to X
defend and then next we have to go for
submission again we miss I think we want
submission to miss cuz I think we're
going to knock ourselves out if we use
it submission oh no we survived yes okay
we finally beat rival 6 oh God at 10
hours and 15 minutes oh man we've been
playing this one for 10 hours guys oh
this is stupid stupid so here let's heal
let's get rid of TM Pokemon or sorry hm
Pokemon so we no longer need that
Squirtle and here let's buy all the full
restores like literally all of them okay
so we can buy 39 full restores so let's
buy our revives here okay so we get six
revives right there so here let's save
the game and let's take our first shot
at
Lori oh this is going to be bad I know
this is going to be bad I think leading
with Machamp makes perfect sense here
though so here Lear yes it goes rest
okay now we have to X defend now her AI
is set where she's not just going to
spam rest she's just more likely to use
it okay here we'll go submission and we
do get the KO there okay okay here we're
going Lear on cloer Ice
Beam here we have to X defend
again and we get Frozen so uh yeah this
one's dead Okay so she gets to kill that
we'll send out hitmon Lee next we're
going double team first Spike Cannon
here two we get clamped so it doesn't
matter what we do we're dead Hitmonchan
comes out so 11 followed by four we're
going ice punch here here another ice
punch okay we get confused okay we're
going double team here except we hit
ourselves in confusion now we have to X
defend again and we're just dead here
clamp's already killed
us rock throw oh we're too slow the
first Onyx is too slow
which now we X defense so now we're just
dead yeah so we we beat one Pokemon on
her
team oh man a mission oh misses so here
we have to ex defend here okay now
karate chop okay take down Mist here we
karate chop again it goes rest okay K
Lear submission okay knocks that one out
cool got to go second XD defend right
there so the X defends are done strength
Lear submission knocks that one out okay
so we're through cloer submission on
slow bro is not very good and psychic
knocks us out okay I vote hitmon Lee
here we have to X defend he goes Amnesia
double kick okay Mega kick did decent
damage there another Mega kick knocks
that one out yes okay we're to
jinx against Jinx jump kick is not quite
a one hitter double kick we are outp
speeding here yes we've made it all the
way to lapas okay double kick on Lapras
does about half we get a body slam here
double team body slam no come on double
team okay it misses body slam there okay
we get a jump kick yes we beat lorai and
we learn high jump kick right here over
jump kick for hitmon Le all right so we
didn't use the Onyx in that one we lost
Machamp I'm just going to revive Machamp
here and now I'm just going to spam two
of my full restores here on Machamp and
hitmon Lee okay we've made it to Bruno
guys after almost 11 hours we've finally
made it to Bruno oh god oh and we have
to play like Bruno here so the smart
play is to lead off with the hitmon Ley
or sorry with the Machamp rather but I
think we got to play this straight up so
we got to just go Bruno order here we
got to be exactly like Bruno here let's
[Music]
go we are leading off with Slam against
him he leads off with the X defend okay
now we're going rock throw here remember
his nose rock slide but it's
because we don't have the smart AI here
and we didn't cheat to get multiple TMS
so
here we've used all of the
slam he goes rock slide yeah see he has
rock slide on both Onyx so I'm going to
Screech here he goes Screech back now if
you're wondering why I'm outspeeding
it's because of the badge boost glitch
hey we rock throw he Rock slides K slam
he digs come on dig no damn you oh we
got beat okay Hitmonchan get out there
oh we go ice punch perfect so we destroy
his first Onyx now it's hit hit manchan
on Hitmonchan violence here so we're
going X defend first he Thunder punches
with a critical hit here we're going for
another X defense he X defense too now
ice punch and he ice punches back the
difference is that we have the badge
boost glitch so we're actually getting
stronger attacks than him I think yeah
we knock out his hit manchan with our
Hitmonchan yes okay double team oh he
still lands the mega kick no oh we've
got the hitmon Le on hitmon Le violence
now we're going X defend first he goes
double team okay we're going Mega kick
and we miss okay so here we're going our
second X defend he is setting up all the
double teams he has the right strategy I
think oh but we land the mega kick and
we knock him out yes okay our hitmon Lee
and let's see we are plus two so we've
already set up both of the X defense
we're going double kick here on his onyx
he goes Screech that means we get to go
double kick again and we knock it out
yes okay we got a nice roll okay so here
we're going high jump kick oh the Karate
Chop one shots oh my God okay Onyx I'm
trusting you earthquake oh it doesn't do
that much oh it's because of the
terrible attack stat of Onyx the good
news is that he's only one and four to
use um
whatchamacallit so he uses strength
there okay now we can go Screech and
Screech is good because that helps us
set up for our Machamp when it goes out
rock slide here is not going to do much
he misses submission now we go
earthquake and we knock him out we beat
Bruno we beat Bruno with Bruno's team
and Bruno's AI on the first first
attempt with the difference being that
all of our Pokemon are at lower levels
than his Machamp is the only one that's
over level 50 oh that is stupid oh
that's just ridiculous we used his team
in the same order same move sets except
the first Onyx is actually worse what is
the difference it's actually the badge
boost glitch guys it's the fact that
when we use things like
um like uh X defend we're getting a
badge boost there that that is the
difference okay so now we need to look
at how we can do against Agatha and the
key for Agatha is obviously going to be
to lead off with Onyx okay because it
has two moves that can actually hit her
for decent damage with earthquake and
rock slide that's what we need here
let's see if we can get through her
though
okay so we're leading off here with the
rock slide and we hit ourselves in
confusion are you kidding me screech
here okay here we have to X defend which
does give us a badge boost at least
[Music]
okay we're screeching again here slam
can't hit of course here we get a use
earthquake oh but the mega drain see
like if we could just actually use the
moves that we want to use dig here okay
we break the substitute we go for slam
that's terrible rock throw misses of
course oh here we have to X defend and
there we're dead that is essentially a
reset right there guys cuz once the Onyx
go down we don't really have a good way
to take down the ghost so we became
pretty clear pretty quickly that this
fight is simply not happening at our
current level not only is it the fact
that two of our Pokemon can't even hit
Agatha's ghosts our two Onyx and our
Hitmonchan are also just using random
moves and sometimes using X defense that
have no effect whatsoever meaning that
we'd have to get god tier luck to make
this one actually work fortunately we
are well under the level cap for this
challenge because we can get all of our
Pokémon up to the actual levels of
Bruno's team if I just grind out some
extra attempts against Bruno and
laurelai we might be able to get there
and I did keep all of my rare candies up
to this point just in case I hit this
sort of situation so I decided to go
back and grind over and over again and
then I'm also going to change up my
strategy a little bit we're going to be
going for the luck based strategies here
because that's the only way we probably
have any shot of getting through this
battle but even at the level cap is this
fight even possible against Agatha
so what we need to do what we found last
time we need to get all the way to the
final Gengar with Hitmonchan so we're
going double team
strats if we're getting this through
okay now I can't control this I can't
like decide to use double team strats we
just have to hope that we get the luck
to use the double team
strats here instead we're going for
Thunder Punch and being confused and
paralyzed okay we hit ourselves in
confusion here we get the X
defense Thunder Punch okay so Hitmonchan
gets wrecked there that is an auto reset
guys okay here we go ice punch fully
paralyzed so here we need to go a
Thunder Punch first fully paralyzed here
now we have to fire punch double team
okay okay Thunder Punch on gbat is fine
here's another double team k
ice punch on gbat is very good we knock
it
out fire punch on the Gengar now we need
to X
defend and we need to ice punch and we
failed to move Fire
Punch I mean we're doing the same amount
of damage either
way okay here's a fire punch oh we get
the burn here double team K ice punch
and it dies behind the sub
so we're getting a fire punch followed
by a Thunder Punch followed by an ice
punch now a double team okay and another
double
team Thunder Punch almost knocks it out
it's just got a sliver left so we're
going double team again there okay we
were fully paralyzed she's super Potions
there fire punch so now she can't super
potion anymore unless she starts
swapping and and ice punch there okay
here ice punch on Arbok Fire Punch
critical hit there was not what I was
looking for okay we failed a double team
there we're double teaming again for
some reason okay fire punch has it on a
sliver and there we knock it out okay
okay we're supposed to double team here
miss psychic which was good dream eater
so we hit the fire punch ice punch this
time oh we freeze it oh no we have to
immediately fire punch it you
jerk oh Bruno you're so bad but we get
the ice punch and we beat Agatha finally
at this level so that didn't take many
resets but I've got tons of footage of
me resetting there so uh you guys can
just take my word for it that this is
actually pretty terrible so here we'll
just give an Elixir to Hitmonchan let's
start grinding against Lance
[Music]
So Fire Punch there Dragon rage here ice
punch Mrs
Lear we'll go ice punch again we're just
going to reset here we've already seen
if we can just set up all the double
teams here we would be fine we would
just win this fight now we have to
earthquake against the uh Dragonite so
yeah that's not going to work so I think
you can kind of see what I'm saying we
kind of need to get a setup where we get
a bunch of double teams set up and get
deep into the team with our Hitmonchan
Hitmonchan is in some ways our best
Pokemon at this point which is kind of
hilarious okay here we get another
double team okay we get a
Lear which is not the end of the world
and Thunder Punch doesn't quite knock
this one out but now we get a double
team again he'll probably hyper po
yes here Fire Punch is bad but we get
the burn okay here we're going X defend
the next two turns one and two it misses
both turns okay so now we have to fire
punch twice here okay now we Thunder
Punch so that one should get knocked out
there okay here we're going to lead off
with another double team against this
one okay the hyperbeam lets us set up
another double team right there now ice
punch oh almost one shots Fire Punch
here Fire Punch again we get Thunder
Wave Fire Punch double team
again Fire Punch ice punch okay so we
knock that one
out double team does nothing there fire
punch he ice punch knocks that one out
okay okay here against Aerodactyl we're
going Thunder Punch and missing fire
punch and we're fully paralyzed ice
punch here oh almost one shots oh my God
it's probably a range wing attack hits
okay we need let's see I mean we still
got four Pokemon to knock out too and
Onyx should be pretty good here all said
here dig is not what we wanted God okay
we missed slam kind of like Screech here
dig is not ideal come on okay here we
use the second X defend here okay so we
get Screech followed by rock
throw which is enough to knock that one
out cool slam here okay blizzard will
knock us out that's fine here I'm going
to go hit
monley just cuz I
think this gives us the best chance
maybe of survival
here high jump kick does some
damage here we're going high jump kick
again so we at least damaged it Machamp
here we go Lear Thunder Mist here karate
chop and we knock it out okay we get
through Lance all right all right I'll
take that I'll take that so here we go
Champion
time
[Music]
okay we're turning off the gym leader
intros right now so that we can uh do
this properly here we're going ice punch
first did decent damage and now ice
punch again he gets the slash on me oh
Thunder Punch come on not what we're
looking for there we need a much better
setup against this uh first sand slash
Mega kick here misses Mega kick that's a
critical hit Mega kick to do over half
there come on come
[Music]
on see now we're not getting the ranges
that we need it's like it knows that oh
hitmon these moves are in a different
order so I'll not give you the luck to
uh double
[Music]
team oh there we missed the high jump
kick and then we got slashed so Mega
kick here's the double
team get another double team get an X
defend now a mega
kick high jump kick okay Mega kick
knocks out Alakazam yes Mega kick on
exeggutor does decent and he goes for
hypnosis we get a Mega kick again yes
there we go here we get a high jump kick
against Closter as we get hit by clamp
okay but here we're going to send out
Machamp go karate chop and that knocks
out cloer okay okay next up we need a
submission here okay that did decent
damage against the the
Ninetails we submission again Ninetails
goes down yes yes okay okay sorry we
need to X defend here we get hit by
Thunder oh it's this one doesn't know
agility rip okay uh we need an onyx out
we need an onyx out badly uh this one's
going rock slide cool here we need to X
defense pin missile is physical so it
won't do much damage to us we get an
earthquake yes oh we got
it oh my God 15 hours of real time
almost 14 hours 55 minutes 43 seconds
and 32 milliseconds or whatever oh God
oh God that took forever guys Bruno is
bad Bruno is very bad but we did beat
the champion with Bruno's team at
Bruno's actual level and we didn't even
use all of our Pokémon that's that's
kind ofce what to think about Bruno the
bond you share with your Pokémon oh my
god oh look at this the Hall of Fame
being registered with Bruno's team at
their exact level we turned off XP
4747 in game time oh that's stupid we
should have grinded for another 22 hours
and 22 minutes we could have gotten to
uh
6969 but uh all right so uh we have kind
of beaten the game with Bruno oh this is
stupid stupid I think there's only one
thing left to do guys that is to just go
watch Bruno get destroyed repeatedly by
Mewtwo okay but there are certain things
that we need to do here so here okay so
what we can see right now the actual
score that we should have had taking out
the extra broken TMS and the extra TMS
the ones that weren't act legit um we
ended up with with 142 resets
267 optional battle or yeah optional
battles then six TMS two broken TMS
leaving us with a score of minus
6.95 for this entire run Bruno is bad
Bruno is very very bad this kind of
makes me want to come back and do this
challenge but instead with a trainer
that has smart AI like if we came back
and we did this this with um lauraly
Team you know she's the first Elite Four
member she should have lower level
Pokemon but I'm willing to bet that she
wins easier because we would be using
her smart AI sounds to me like a much
easier run with much more
straightforward things going on but uh
here let's uh go get go get a pigeon and
then go fight a Mewtwo for for the memes
for the memes oh my God Pidgey you're
about to witness some Carnage oh this
this is stupid oh we need a a surf
Pokemon rip rip where's that Squirtle at
this Pidgey you're you're not worthy get
back in the Box shove the pigeon back in
the Box oh God see I'm not even
bicycling I've given up on doing
intelligent things anymore Bruno's
starting to rub off on me in my next run
I'll start using the wrong moves over
and over again I'm just going to blame
it on super saan Jared Ros blame it on
the channel members but speaking of
channel members this is this has taken a
very long time I probably won't do runs
that are this long unless you are in the
high tier of the channel membership or
unless it really fits with something
that I really want to do but uh I am
interested in suggestions from you guys
at all times regardless of level I will
prioritize if if there are a lot of good
ideas I will obviously prioritize
whichever come from the highest tier
channel members first but you know we we
can always get three or four ideas from
you guys throw them up in a poll get the
votes from you guys get the votes from
the community we'll do one maybe one run
for you guys one run for the The Wider
Community let's fight this Mewtwo badly
poorly oh we're going to get wrecked
guys okay so there is Mewtwo and we roll
an ex defense turn one and we get
psychic oh we get wrecked hit manchan
get out there here hit manchan goes for
the double team it does not matter oh
Mewtwo does not care oh no we ran away I
ran away from Mewtwo guys there we go
we're back in the Mewtwo fight here
double team Swift but we double team
there double kick look how little damage
that did Mega kick as it barriers okay
double kick again oh we're doing like no
damage oh I used Mega kick by mistake I
was supposed to double
team okay high jump kick did decent
damage with a crit there your X defend
it recovers your mega kick
misses high jump kick oh we get the
psychic okay we need Hitmonchan out
there yes Hitmonchan can do your thing
double team here ice punch if we can get
the freeze we could have a shot or maybe
a
paralysis okay double team
okay Thunder Punch Fire Punch double
team it's just using Swift it knows it
knows what we're trying to do we're
double teaming again here Fire Punch we
are outspeeding but psychic hits rip
okay Ma
champ gets wrecked here oh God oh God
we're getting destroyed by Mew
dig does that
much k x defense Bruno you're supposed
to be good against Mewtwo come
on the psychic just destroys us oh this
Mewtwo he's he's taking none of our
nonsense he recovers we go slam and do
like
nothing earthquake that's a critical hit
earthquake right there and psychic oh
God we're down to Squirtle so uh yeah
can Bruno beat Mewtwo no the answer is a
a resounding no here we get the mega
kick turn one oh that did decent damage
and we get psychic down he's like I'm
not standing for this Machamp here we
get to see why Machamp was not a gen one
competitive Pokemon look at that oh God
Swift We Go ice punch critical hit here
another psychic oh God Onyx get out
there do me proud psychic and psychic oh
look at that okay if I even try okay I'm
going to stop the RNG if I actually try
to win this fight How does it go so here
we missed Mega kick here we're going to
double team up hey nice crit there so we
did get through
there here we are very intentionally
using ice punch repeatedly there's the
freeze yes so now we just double team up
we're just using all the double teams
and now we're just going to thunder
punch it down slowly but surely this is
how you would actually win this fight is
it good no but that is how it's possible
to beat Mewtwo and even still hitmon Le
died he's only got 54 special oh God
Machamp 94 special at least that's
decent yeah all of the rest of these
Pokemon have no special stat I mean
Hitmonchan 55 or 59 special rather the
stats on the left include the 12.5%
badge boost as usual oh man that is
brutal I do not think we get the luck to
get through there without just tons of
resets and this is post game guys so
we're we're we're not worried about it
Bruno you absolute Legend we beat the
entire game as Bruno oh it was painful
to do it but it is possible it is
possible to beat Pokemon Yellow as Bruno
I hope you guys enjoyed that oh man last
last plug here before I go uh two plugs
guys one is that I just was on a podcast
with some guys who are kind of new in
the Pokemon Community they're doing a
new thing so I want to give some love I
want to give some shout outs to them
because of the fact that the Pokemon
Community especially people who are
interested in gen one and gen one topics
is he's a really kind of Niche group so
when new people come into YouTube you
know and they're they're cool and
they're reaching out to people and
they're they're trying to make content I
always want to support these folks right
here skill link we got uh Josh and Logan
uh two guys who did this uh little
interview of me and uh yeah we had a fun
time we had a really nice conversation
these guys are awesome uh as you can see
they're just getting started guys
they've only got 35 Subs according to
this there are no views on this which I
don't think it's correct pretty sure
we've gotten some some some views there
I'm going to drop them the like too um
but yeah you can see yours truly
chatting with these boys that is yours
truly Josh Logan we had a good time guys
so check them out check them out give
them some love here you could seduce a
Metagross oh this is a legendary comment
I'll be back for you
um there it
is super sa Jared Ros for a run in the
future can you play a one one time speed
and never get a bike voucher oh you
legend legend here's the deal I do have
the slow run in the works dude you're
going to enjoy
this um so appreciate you let me just
give you know shout outs to the other
channel members of course um we got
super saene derp you're an absolute
Legend supporting in the double team
tier as well huge thank you to mist
psycho who's in the Pokemon Center tier
and supporting over on patreon same as
super saahene Jared Ros being in the
very top tier and over in the patreon
Legends Legends the lot of you let me
make sure that I don't forget anybody
here cuz this has been
brilliant let's get all the members all
the members up we've got going in order
of seniority Zane winter Andrew Palmer
Roy Merkel marvelous racing pyro Ro claw
mistal psycho I already shouted out
you're brilliant um Anderson and Tunis
de Dan spam broad wildsmith Corey London
Constantino sanaka Austin Jackson Cody
McKinley Gabriel Jackie T cat Hern
mersand we got super saah Jean derp in
the double team deer Legend elwick
boltron just awesome name TTC
345 we got super saahe Jared Ros of
course Priestess e apologies Priestess
falan Bal we've got Matthew and we've
got Cody Smith
73 you guys are brilliant thank you so
much for all your support guys let's
keep running this up you know we'll
we'll just have a good good rest of the
Year guys we'll see I can hopefully get
extra videos out during the winter
holidays as well anyway that does it for
me see you guys in the next video
[Music]
later